well this is new for brad keselowski
actually happened in june when a
champagne celebration went wrong back
then Brad was all smiles despite needing
stiches last week the cut wasn't as
serious but the bad blood is still
lingering for the last two weeks the
real action has happened after the
Driving's been done and while Keselowski
qualified second in Phoenix for today
he's not in as good of a position with
his fellow drivers Marty Smith has more
with that we welcome in Ron Jaworski
these last few weeks in particular he's
been playing out of his mind so what's
behind how he's been so successful in
these record-breaking performances so I
went back in studied Ben's 86 throws
over the last couple weeks Antonio Brown
receiver Big Ben is now facing a Jets
defense that has given up two or more
touchdown passes in each of its last
nine games so an encore well that could
be on tap for Big Ben that's Ron
Jaworski with us this morning here on
SportsCenter we asked Tim Tebow
yesterday what's the most intimidating
awesome thing about playing in Death
Valley here's what he said here's the
problem
Mikey the tiger he's out for all seven
home games this season
yeah not this year Tim Mike likes his
15,000 foot habitat complete with a
waterfall and Paul manicure Spa he gets
him every day
so Mike refuses to be coaxed into his
cage for the games and they can't force
him to do it because he's a tiger so
Mikey might be the only one waking up in
Baton Rouge this morning unbothered by
last night's finish there because he
didn't see it and if you missed anything
here's an encore to get you caught up
Solaris he's rewriting the record books
right now Roethlisberger is so show us
why he's been so successful what has
happened in these last two games
everything in this offense has been so
good but I'm going to show you right
here the first thing you do as a
quarterback is you yeah he loves it
everybody loves it in Pittsburghers
playing great football right now every
level offensive line tight ends
receivers big bent and the running backs
are getting it done everywhere on the
football the way to go skinny down the
rail skinny down the rail you heard it
here first the most passing touchdowns
in the three-game span in NFL history is
that's the Peyton Manning in 2004 he
would only need three that's sort of
like half the effort of his last two
weeks right days all sorts of things
were invited today it lots to say any
sample yeah some that shouldn't have
made TV this morning I didn't see this
man hey listen
Jay dear I am crazy Saturday's call for
crazy big
something tells me Bram really wanted an
extra college football time coming your
way it surely is survival Saturday
Graham is surviving another two hours of
Sports Center right here with me it
starts right now
what win streak if they want to keep
that up we have a guy who knows just a
little bit something about protecting a
quarterback I think you earned yourself
some watches as gifts back in the day
with us this morning
how do the Niners keep Colin Kaepernick
upright in this game they're gonna have
to be so much better when it comes to
protection and something we call
redirecting protection and they don't do
this they call a play in the huddle and
they just run the play you're gonna see
a sack last week they gave up eight of
them so there were plenty that you're
not going to the playoffs today lose
this game don't go to the playoffs but
how do they solve this identity issue
well it comes down to this you have to
understand that your quarterback is not
ready to lead your team play physical
kind of snot-nosed football and and
we'll live with that and you know what
we're gonna win more often than not but
they have gotten into this this they've
just gotten into this we're gonna throw
the ball all over the football field
we're gonna play empty and we're gonna
be the smartest guys in the room and you
know what it's not that complicated and
it is not working you just heard it
49ers not going to the playoff no I
don't believe they will I believe they
lose and they're not a playoff team back
to Sports energy McCarthy Brad Whiteside
so this is Mike the tiger and Mike the
tiger is the official mascot of LSU and
he's like way cool but he knew what was
coming this year LSU has lost five over
the last 50 one night games at home so
you think he wanted to attend those two
have happened this year which may
explain why Mike refuses to
going to his cage to be on the field so
he hasn't gone to any of the home games
this year he's apparently gone the way
of the tailgaters those who would prefer
to watch from outside the stadium only
I'm not sure of what Mike the Tigers TV
situation is but the situation on the
LSU campus is this alarm over there
scarcely seen mascot with our apologies
to LSU fans after survival Saturday well
we've need an encore